Update README.md (#1)
DavidColby/vite_starter_template: README.md

In addition to a modern, StimulusReflex-powered user experience, we use [Vite](https://vite-ruby.netlify.app/) instead of Webpacker so we can spend less time fighting with our build tools and more time delivering value to our users.

## Usage

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Usage
To get started, create a new Ruby on Rails application, passing in this template with the `-m` option:

> _ℹ️ You must have the `pry` gem installed, otherwise line 3 of template.rb will cause an error. Run `gem install pry` to install._

Author: ```suggestion
_ℹ️ You must have the `pry` gem installed, otherwise the line `require 'pry'` in `template.rb` will raise an error. Run `gem install pry` to install the dependency._
```
